First of all, don't forget to bring some examples of other websites to help your client figure out what they want. It's very often that the clients really don't understand what it is they want themselves and giving them some examples will help generate a discussion in kind of a direction as to where they really want to go. Also, encourage your client to use less information. It's a knee-jerk reaction, just about everybody who is not in the industry to try to cram as much information as possible and it's almost always the wrong way to go. It's better to have less and more potent information to their customers than have tons of information where everything gets lost. Figure out a way that your client should invest in the project. Whether they pay you a little bit, whether they up front pay for something, whether it's photography or providing their product. But it's got to be something that they have as they call skin in the game, so they will take this project seriously as well. Especially, this is especially true if you are doing this for free, just to kind of build up your portfolio. Very important thing to have is that the client should designate the one person as a decider of what things to have in the website or what not things to have on the website and just really everything about the project. If you have more than one person, chaos will start and you will spend way too much time dealing with things that have nothing to do with coding and nothing to do with the website, but just managing these relationships that really shouldn't be there to begin with. Just have one person, have the client designate one person to be the final decider. Also, limit the number of revisions. Don't let the client keep constantly revising and revising revising. So if you're doing this for free, certainly limit it to something reasonable like three times. But if you're doing it for pay, then limited to three times for free and then anything additional the client will actually have to pay for and another thing is involve others to help you produce a great product. It's rare to have one person person, kind of have a know-it-all do the photography, do the product photography, do the layouts and designs. Involve somebody else and have them help you and you'll get to concentrate on the coding. Next, let's go visit the actual restaurant, meet the owner and figure out what they want for a website. What does that mean? Field trip.